GH-135379: Top of stack caching for the JIT. (#135465)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2025-06-20-16-03-59.gh-issue-135379.eDg89T.rst

> Implement a limited form of register allocation know as "top of stack
> caching" in the JIT. It works by keeping 0-3 of the top items in the stack
> in registers. The code generator generates multiple versions of thos uops
> that do not escape and are relatively small. During JIT compilation, the
> copy that produces the least memory traffic is selected, spilling or
> reloading values when needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement a limited form of register allocation known as "top of stack
caching" in the JIT. It works by keeping 0-3 of the top items in the stack
in registers. The code generator generates multiple versions of those uops
that do not escape and are relatively small. During JIT compilation, the
copy that produces the least memory traffic is selected, spilling or
reloading values when needed.
```
